hello guy said tourists and recom here
and today we're checking out the Luke
CHD this little device is a wearable
camera and it pretty much competes
against the devices like the GoPro it
comes around the same price it's $1.99
to 249 if you want the Explorer version
which comes with extra accessories but
what is it that makes it special and
short it is a much more social device it
is a much more consumer friendly device
it comes with an app and you can stream
you can buffer you can record you can do
all those cool things right let's just
show you everything in a bit for now
we're just going to show you the
external you have this little device
right here it's it's easy to handle
because of its size and its a form
factor it's longer that is why it
etcetera and this whole thing right here
this little grip right here it's
actually a twelve hundred and fifty mili
amp hour battery which should last you
about two hours of straight recording
1.5 to 2 hours along the sides we have
little bands here we have the camera and
mic in the front we have two buttons
here this is for streaming and this is
for recording and on the back we have
this power slider thing which you can
simply press there and for slide over
and it'll turn on and you have your USB
port for charging and for transferring
files if you pull over this little
swivel thing you can pull off the
battery and under here is the micro SD
card slot which it does not come with a
micro SD card or internal storage so you
should like take note of that if you're
gonna buy this camera you gotta buy a
micro SD card for it so you just slide
it in you can buy separate of these
there are 50 dollars each so if you need
more battery more juice you can always
do that and that's pretty much it for
hardware it can record up to 1080p
resolution so Full HD at 30 frames per
second or if you so choose to you can go
60 frames per second let's go to the app
so what you have to do we're using the
iPad right now I know it's an Android
side but this is just for you know
better viewing and stuff so if you turn
it on you see the little blue thing
flashing and that means that it's pretty
much searching and it works through
Wi-Fi so it's searching the Wi-Fi and
it's right there and you just connect
and so what's cool about this is that it
actually keeps data working on the
Android at least an iOS I wasn't able to
do it or listen the iPad but you know so
this is the iPad app and a little bit
all right there you go finally so in the
app you can actually press this little
button here and you can stream you can
record it you can buffer since it
connects to Wi-Fi and it allows the data
connection to keep working you can
actually stream straight to Facebook and
stuff and you can stir you can use their
own network for streaming and actually
you don't even need the camera if you
want to stream you can actually stream
straight from your from your app from
your devices cameras so right here let's
just test the record button and so there
it is
the camera is looking at me here with
the little camera
it's looking at the iPad and you can do
the whole inception thing which I don't
know if you can see very well but it's
working right so you can start recording
and it's recording recording this thing
yeah alright so that works right and you
click create it and one thing and it
happens with both the iOS and the
Android app you know you can't yet watch
your videos on your camera front that
are stored in here that is an app update
is supposed to come in a couple weeks or
so so there's that you can watch it
already playback not supported and
video of course not easier and you can
have your stuff in the cloud which your
broadcast the stuff that you've been
streaming will show up here when you're
connected to the Internet so yeah you
got your friends here you have your your
settings so you can go in to choose
broadcast quality choose your looks at
camp etc you can go into your Facebook
and that's pretty much it friend if you
go to videos here listen let's let's go
to settings and turn off the turn on the
data so you can see what's up so we're
at Verizon LTE and for some reason with
the iPad it doesn't work but we
downgraded done so you can actually stay
connected to both the Wi-Fi with this
and your data so you can stream and
stuff right if you're good friends you
got all your friends here all my friends
and you can actually you know invite
them to the stream etc and you can go to
my videos and there's a little test
video I did from Luca camp and that's a
stream and you can go to so this is
where you have all your videos and stuff
and so everyone you can make yours
public and if you have something cool to
show everyone and you can rate them and
stuff and you can press here and stream
right so if you stream you can actually
here choose as you can see this camera
you can show change the camera so you
can put the front the back let's put the
back one and you can start streaming and
showing everyone what you're doing with
your device you don't need the camera so
if you just want a streaming solution
you could just get the app and forget
about the camera you know that pretty
much covers it it's pretty simple pretty
straightforward you got all these cool
features that are social right and you
got the look-see cam which is a it's one
$199 this is much much more social thing
you can like share your videos you can
show them to anyone
you can record you can use the app you
can do all these things you can store
your videos in the cloud you
contact your Facebook friends and you
can I would recommend this one over the
GoPro to people who want to share stuff
so people just want casual video like
showing your I don't know your kids
soccer game or I don't know whatever and
yeah it's $1.99 about the same price at
the lower end GoPro and it works fine I
like it I'm recording right now okay so
yeah you just press that button and
record and you can press this button and
screen see you like it the whole thing
we would give it a thumbs up especially
if you want to be sharing a lot of
videos with people with your friends
with your family go ahead and check out
the full review at a foundry comm we'll
put a link to that below too and hope
you guys have a great day again this
Edgar from Fender calm and same here and
if your good of my friends videos whoa
what happened hold on well what was that
was like electricity went off or
something well that's weird let's keep
going